you were just filmed everything
hey people in a few days is
christmas and what did kuhn do
youtube a man is directed
each other a few games
that requires a certain amount of people in one
a few days is christmas
cool youtuber the weight among each other
and there are wintv nova tv and
Christie's and I have pretty good
I hope so from ptv
and I'll unpack that now
so the gift is pretty full
packed the packaging I like
very good then the gold fits very well
but this is from chrome
Kassel packaging did not like itself
sometimes I will exit this time
it is sometime paper roll and here
is the user manual of
broadcast hello always days are
hinder which of the two tests
written
This is an important we paid
want an idea by one in one
implement video
our idea for you destroy old one
Christmas present you were very hates
I like my christmas presents therefore
almost all but my clothes
get from my aunt
so we are in a nice garden
here only I just do not guess in me
No matter I have a nice high speed
camera and yes I thought so I like
the idea a bit on me in charge
only the things I speak in the air
and I test it now first
this ball
age without fucking has so cool with so
mini balls what if I'm such a
giant banner take in any case now
I will be a gift of mine in the
blows up and there I have this
hare here and he looks pretty good
cheap from the likely of
maeckes or something is here somewhere
here I am in the air
just because the facc just me
for years from this fucking look the
looks so disabled looks at you
without shit he provokes me already
That's why I'm going to Switzerland
air raid wanker ok so I will
blow him up with one now
super ball a2 let's see how the
looks
So I 'm doing the mess
he wants to die i own old ID card
material is the man
that's not possible you 're over
boxes filled with gasoline and if
now with these torches kindle and
i can also say one thing this bunny
will never choose his family again
He should finally make a noise with
his buttons on the paws the no
made noise made no noise
my children were really sad
broken and I will be him
take life
just as bad packaging I thought that
the signal for flame was on flame
the camera so pack that people
me that animals I think because separate
I really packed with the star
Models will be allowed to pirate
Just do not sacrifice my pirates
Last pirates the sacrifice I for you
because if we are in slow motion with china
böller blow up okay it is you
are allowed to dirty body
okay that rely on him and yes me
have your task for theory and now
Of course you are her turn and not
only he but you also from tv and it
definitely look at those
The videos are here and here
Here's a simple one
drop by and I have, of course
given a bit and where that
Disabled risk of looks you at times